Who am I you sure you want to know if
somebody told you I was just your
average ordinary guy not a care in the
world somebody lied
the truth is it wasn't always like this
it was a time when life was a lot less
complicated can I take your picture the
school paper sure in this lab we have 15
genetically enhanced super spiders cuz
14 ones missing I'm fine people are you
changing I know i'ma do exactly the same
thing at your age no not exactly
Wow Peter may I introduce my father
Norman Osborn great honor to meet you
sir Harry tells me you're quite the
science whiz you know
something of a scientist myself
was that
whatever it is somebody has to stop it
with great power comes great
responsibility this is my gift Wow it is
my curse how are you Who am I
I'm spider-man
do I get to say thank you this time
you do too much you're not Superman you
know